Add verify server hostname to tls default (#17155)
hashicorp/consul: .changelog/17155.txt

```release-note:improvement

> Allow to default verify_server_hostname in TLS agent's configuration

Reviewer: nit: To be a little more consistent and descriptive, I'd suggest:

```suggestion
config: Add new `tls.defaults.verify_server_hostname` configuration option. This specifies the default value for any interfaces that support the `verify_server_hostname` option.
```
